[Music]
yes
very good how are you friends how are you? I
wanted to leave you with this video in which
well I think in my opinion he gets
a little tangled up he clarifies a little the circumstances of the
controversy from the other day I think he regulates himself
a little he picks up the cable I don't know if he washes his
hands a little to avoid problems
but really he is also right I
also have to tell you it turns out that I have
seen d elía what he says is that
he did not want to create more controversy on
this subject in fact he does not mention
Rocío Carrasco and Fidel at any time
and that they are things between colleagues no
although you will think that it is not but I think that
really let's see is that what he
denounces is not Rocío Carrasco and
Fidel Valencia the issue that Rocío
Carrasco and Fidel went or put a
low salary on the artists or whatever that is not what is being
criticized okay at
least directly what I understood from the
message of the very nice kid by the way I do
n't know if you know but he is a cousin of
Queen Letizia okay
the kid what he was denouncing that
artists  colleagues for a job that
normally should be asked for triple the amount I
was agreeing to work for much
less money no and this lowers
everyone's cache in some way you are
subtracting value or it is subtracting if you are
subtracting value you are subtracting the price from
what it is really worth so if you create
this competition and things are done
this way in the end indirectly or
even directly you can harm the
rest of your colleagues no things have to be
charged for what they are worth because
if you start doing big
events like this okay I can't give more details because I don't know how much the normal salary is or what should be paid or what was paid or if they could afford to pay more because at the end of the day you have to take into
account that this rice hito in
Seville the tribute that was successful on the 11th was
not I don't know if I would classify it
as a failure but I think from
memory the numbers were at most two
thousand places or two thousand and something and
like 400 were left free taking into
account that there would be a handful that were
given away let's see if they were sold
then half well if you can
consider that a failure no you were telling me we
are talking about  very
big artists in which they were were
very very powerful artists a very nice concert
on top of that singing by strong degree for me it
sold a little for me it sold a
little the truth is I'm going to leave you with the
video with the statements of Victor
Elias and he was saying to me what do you think
okay the kid is super nice I mean
I love this guy besides the actor
of the Serranos
and now he's dedicated to music
the partner of Ana Guerra super nice the
kid is him and his partner super nice yesterday he
left it in the family
but we will tell it
the first one that has been said we
are doing
this with the second part of the tribute to
Rocío Jurado and you already told us no I
mean on a professional level
yes well it's
true that much more politics at
no time have I mentioned sir they
know Fidel and go or not but I say
because he took advantage and now he wasn't going it was
nothing with them it's simply that he
overthrew like in all professions
there are times when there are friction between
colleagues
and well I decided to use social networks
with the freedom that social networks have
always yes I think yes yes
without disrespecting anyone  I think I
did a little bit saying how I felt
like the best part of us who
sometimes forget to find or
report facts not about this but
all the actions that make you report or
do these kinds of things so that we
can both reach out to people
publicly like everything in your life
now but this great support
[Music]